Update cs0219.md (#14258)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/misc/cs0219.md

---
title: "Compiler Warning (level 3) CS0219"
ms.date: 09/06/2019
f1_keywords: 
  - "CS0219"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "CS0219"
ms.assetid: 7945c497-4bfa-4695-9166-815a2ad0c8e7
---
# Compiler Warning (level 3) CS0219
The variable 'variable' is assigned but its value is never used

 The compiler issues a level-three warning, when you declare and assign a variable, but do not use it.

 > [!NOTE]

>  > The compiler generates this warning only when the variable value is a compile-time constant. Because interpolated strings are transformed into a <xref:System.String.Format%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> method call, it's not considered a compile-time constant.

Reviewer: I think a better note would reference the justification in dotnet/roslyn#15695, namely that assigning the result of some expression to an (otherwise) unused local variable keeps that in memory and enables viewing with a debugger.

```suggestion
 > The compiler generates this warning only when the variable value is a compile-time constant. Assigning an expression or method result to a local variable makes it easier to observe those expressions in the debugger. It also makes the result reachable, preventing garbage collection while that variable is reachable.
```

Author: I just noticed that `Assigning an expression or method result` seems to be in-accurate I think.
because regular string literal or number like `"string"` or `0` in:

```csharp
var x = "string";
var y = 0;
```

can be considered as expressions. Actually, there are the simplest expressions. But... assigning them to an unused variable generates the warning, while assigning a method result doesn't.

Reviewer: Good point. I updated the suggestion.

Author: @BillWagner , The updated suggestion looks good. I've applied it.
